fix(macos): fix position of the tray icon to top-left (#149)
amrbashir/system_tray: .changes/fix-macos-tray-item-y-pos.md

---
"tray-icon": patch
---

> On macOS, set y position of the tray icon to the top of the item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On macOS, fix the `y` position of the tray icon to be top-left not bottom-left of the icon.
```
